hello Internet to be all like to share
quite and straightforward tutorial how
to root your sony xperia x10 or x10 mini
or x10 mini pro obviously initially you
need to have mobile phones sony xperia
stance and a USB cable even a computer
or mine saw a window that's we were
beneficial because you need those things
of course isn't it enjoy the rest of the
video the reason is you need to root the
android mobile phone it gives you a bit
of freedoms to remove the little the
main developer software like this one's
like t-mobile install the rubbish
programs or helps in their manes
application which you're not going to
use and then it will it will with the
memory and as well as the performance of
the mobile for itself so by routing the
mobile phone we can remove the apps i
will show in my next video but on this
video i will show you how to route the
mobile phone a quite straightforward
guys you can commence the video for
thumbs up thumbs down subscribe if you
don't and i see you in the next video oh
boy after you connect your mobile phone
to the computer you need you need to
make sure that you update the firmware
from 2.0 to 2.1 after that you need to
wait for a while and switch off your
mobile phone disconnected and reboot the
mobile phone if we take a while again
probably two to three minutes and then
the main screams will appear on your
mobile phones and you should get a new
firmware
on your main screen right so then you
mean you need to make sure that you
check the firmware supposed to be
updated to 2.1 from where on the setting
go to the setting and then double click
it and then go to the firmware or to the
about fold and scroll down and then you
should see your firmware version
according to 2.1 from where and then go
back to the main screens by click the
back button and debugging your mobile
phone before you root it it's quite
straightforward in the setting manual
you can debug your mobile phones and
then after that connect the mobile phone
to the computer again and then select
charge phone and then go to the computer
screen opens superoneclick folder after
you download and extract the software
double-click the super one click program
and allow it to run in your computer and
then the super one click window will
open and click the root button then the
software will do the rest by root or
root in your mobile phone your chip or
your phone where so in order to you to
use it in the future to remove another
software or to rewrite why we software
you like after it run and then you need
to run tests by clicking yes you will
run tests quickly then after that
donation window will pop up I suggest
you to donate to the developer as their
only consume the time to do the software
I hope you guys enjoyed the video things